Data Binding - PHP: Add dx-php-data Deprecation Updates (#8857)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTreeMap/1 Configuration/dataSource.md

- **OData**         
Implement an [ODataStore](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/ODataStore '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/').

- **Web API and MongoDB**     

> Use one of the following extensions to enable the server to process data according to the protocol DevExtreme UI components use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one of the following extensions to enable server-side data processing for DevExtreme UI components:
```
